let's stand to our feet  Hallelujah  [Music]  I need you to get serious serious with  God say God I'm here to be trained  I'm here for an education  I'm willing God  I'll do what you want me to do  I'll say what you want me to say  foreign  because I wanted to be around a lot of  guys because I go to a boy and girl  school I figured that it would be it'd  be a good chance for me to get out and  hang around with men what'd you think of  the campaign yesterday oh it was really  cool there was a lot of supporters a lot  foreign  [Music]  foreign  [Music]  oh hey Todd I'm glad I bumped into you  uh look there's there's no easy way for  me to tell you this  unexpected news  unexpected news sad sad news not not  necessarily bad news do you remember Jim  your boss from about five years ago  right right yeah and then you  transferred  I know I know you didn't  particularly like the guy but you know  he had he had a lot of respect  for you right right I know I know you  you didn't you didn't really  he died okay  he's dead  right right right right  he named you  in his will  yeah I was I was surprised too I mean  look I guess he had a lot more respect  for you than you thought he did  no no it's it's not money  look Jim had a kid  's vote  four years old  you're named your name is the new parent  yeah I'm sorry legally you're you're  gonna have to you're gonna have to raise  Jim's kid from here on in  um so look uh we got this summer camp  this Christian summer camp are you gonna  sign the kid up for it you can say  you're a [ __ ] agnostic no you're not  not one of you is agnostic in looking at  those images of Christian summer camps  either you would be willing to put your  own child into those summer camps or you  would not it's true language is  imperfect language is a strange  ill-fitting clown mask clamped down onto  the face of political and philosophical  reality if you focus another word in  isolation you say oh well you know can  anyone really know for sure whether or  not there's a God that's not the  question  the question is when you look at these  clips of a Christian Camp do you think  hey that's a great idea I actually put  my kid into those camps do you think hey  if I don't have a kid if all of a sudden  my boss at work died and left me in  charge of his or her kid I suddenly  inherited responsibility for a kid I  would be would have my newly acquired  child that I have no sentimental  attachment to and no genetic connection  with I'd be willing to have this child  put into that camp and given that  education either you feel that way or  you don't but your opinion your  conclusion is based on very definite  knowledge it's based on Gnostic  certainty it wasn't Jesus only a man no  Jesus Christ is almighty God  I know hi  [Music]  um God's just telling me that he you're  on his mind and he just wants to take  you and he just wants to love on you and  he has special plans for you I just  thought it would be kind of fun to be  one of those like people who paint nails  and stuff because you would get a chance  to tell them about the Lord I mean just  relaxing Christian music in the  background you know doing it you know  what I mean it would just be really  relaxing and they would just be able to  kind of they wouldn't have many walls at  that second you know and they would just  be able to accept he just wants you to  be able to follow him with your whole  heart  thank you you're welcome I appreciate it  welcome  you just felt like God told you to go  over there yeah I waited a little bit  you know to be sure you know what I mean  yeah coming to your heart a hunting  afterwards I felt like I had picked the  right one I've been teased several times  and I've just thought to myself man's  decision whatever God's decision  something they think I'm weird go ahead  you're not the ones who are going to be  judging me so being entirely honest with  yourself keeping it all the way real  when you see those film clips of  Christian summer camp what do you think  how do you feel I'll tell you what I  think I think this should be illegal I  think there's be a lot  of Child Welfare Law  I don't even get rid of the death  penalty this should be driven out of  existence this should be illegal I feel  a sense of disbelief looking back at the  last 500 years of our situation I feel  disbelief that this hasn't been made  illegal yet and I look ahead to the next  500 years with a sense of horror because  if we don't take that step no not just  the difference between agnosticism and  Atheism I'm talking about the step from  passive and defensive atheism to active  and coercive atheism to wait this out I  think all of you in the audience on some  level whether you be atheist Muslim  Christian or Jew you must also have this  apprehension that the audience would  receive this very differently if we were  looking at film clips of summer camps  for Muslim children if we're looking at  Muslim fundamentalists Muslim radicalism  or if we were looking at Hindu training  camps for Hindu fundamentalist children  so much in this place is deeply  unsettling waves are met with nothing  those Natural Instincts of a child  they're not here instead this Allah  a young boy asks us to repent our sins  and then  [Music]  heal a mind like that  inshallah  [Laughter]  hey bye hello everyone  foreign  foreign  ah  somehow our own familiarity with these  things culturally makes us certain that  when these kids hit puberty when they  hit their teenagers they'll have some  kind of rebellious streak they'll have  uh some kind of inner strength that will  help them overcome it and and plenty of  you in the audience were people who went  to these camps and you found that  strength and you went through your  rebellious period and your atheists  today  but what we're talking about here has  nothing to do with that personal  individual Journey  it's a question on a massive scale of  Nations as a whole of civilizations as a  whole at what point do we draw a line  between the past and the future and say  no more you're not going to inculcate  the superstitious nonsense of the Dark  Ages into the Next Generation  and then  do something about it  foreign